this is the view that noin has been
looking at for the past 20 years behind
the wall are the trees she planted and
can no longer
Reach people in the world wake up
agitated from a bad nightm but here we
are awake and are agitated every single
day the Israeli separation barrier cuts
through her family's land in Katana
Village near
Jerusalem I heard the diggers working
and saw them uprooting the trees it was
a deep pain in my heart they didn't care
when I lost the trees that I carried on
my shoulders and planted one by
one decades later Israeli forces are
back for more in August they handed
several families in Katana new
confiscation orders to expand the wall
they fear that Israel will use the war
on Gaza to grab more lands
This Is Our Land and we have the proof
they say you're close to the illegal
Israeli settlement but I was here before
the wall the courts and power are in
their hands my future is over I fear now
for my children and grandchildren's
future Israel started building the wall
during the second Palestinian Uprising
known as the intifada Palestinians say
Israel used security as an excuse to
confiscate more land the war Wall's
length is more than double that of the
1967 borders snaking into Palestinian
territory running as deep as 18 kilm
inside the occupied West Bank the UN
says it's almost complete and will take
up around 10% of Palestinian lands the
international court of justice has ruled
the wall is
illegal roads like this one are all
what's left for Palestinians who often
have to take longer routs to reach their
destinations for Palestinians the wall
is an extension of Israel system of
control part of a wider network of roads
settlements and checkpoints built to
give Israelis the upper hand while
making their lives unbearable by the day
Nida ibraim Al jaaz the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer